chore(docs): add troubleshooting information (#457)
i-love-flamingo/flamingo: docs/4. Others/Troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting

## Introduction
During development one sometimes may face something, one did not expect to see. For that case we have prepared several tools, which can help you to make things working.

### Cobra Commands
Those are commands you can execute instead of `serve` to have an interesting result.

> 1. `routes` - dumps a list of registered routes and handler names. This may help you to understand, why your route is not triggering actions, you expect it to trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `routes` - dumps a list of registered routes and handler names. This may help you understand, why your route is not triggering the actions you expect it to trigger.
```

> 1. `handler` - dumps handler names and their actions. Helps a lot in combination with `routes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `handler` - dumps handler names and their actions. It helps a lot in combination with `routes`.
```

1. `modules` - dumps an information about modules registered in flamingo and modules in child areas. This may help, when you have a big app and not sure which modules registered for which area.
1. `config` - dumps a compiled config which is currently active for your application. You can reduce dump, by adding `yml` address of a config part, you really would like to see. For example `config flamingo.session`. Heavily helps debugging if your configuration compiled from several places, for example when using helm charts.

### Flags

> Flamingo utilises native go tool - `flag.FlagSet`. Flag used before `serve` slightly changes some aspects of execution, and should be used only for debug purposes.

Reviewer 2: not all flags are for debugging purposes, eg.`flamingo-config`

Author: fixed

> Flamingo utilises native go tool - `flag.FlagSet`. Flag used before `serve` slightly changes some aspects of execution, and should be used only for debug purposes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Flamingo leverages the native Go tool `flag.FlagSet` to manage command-line flags. Most flags are for debug purposes and can be expensive on execution, especially the dingo-related flags
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Do you want to mention all flags here?

flamingo-config-log
flamingo-config-cue-debug
flamingo-context
flamingo-config
dingo-inspect

Author: added

Reviewer 2: There are a few small inaccuracies. Please check again.

1. `--dingo-trace-circular` - helps by giving you more information about circular injections, which of course make complete execution of your app impossible.

> 1. `--dingo-trace-injections` - prints what is getting injecting and which field is getting set in real time. May help you understand, what you possibly did wrong, so your application breaks during injection phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `--dingo-trace-injections` - prints what is getting injected and which field is getting set in real time. May help you understand, what you possibly did wrong, so your application breaks during injection phase.
```

# Troubleshooting

## Introduction

> During development one sometimes may face something, one did not expect to see. For that case we have prepared several tools, which can help you to make things working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During development one sometimes may face something, one did not expect to see. For that case we have prepared several tool that can help you get things working.
```

Author: done

> During development one sometimes may face something, one did not expect to see. For that case we have prepared several tools, which can help you to make things working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During development, one may sometimes encounter something one did not expect to see. In that case, we have prepared several tools that can help you get things working.
```

Author: done

### Cobra Commands
Those are commands you can execute instead of `serve` to have an interesting result.

1. `routes` - dumps a list of registered routes and handler names. This may help you understand, why your route is not triggering the actions you expect it to trigger.
1. `handler` - dumps handler names and their actions. It helps a lot in combination with `routes`.
1. `modules` - dumps an information about modules registered in flamingo and modules in child areas. This may help, when you have a big app and are not sure which modules are registered for which area.

> 1. `config` - dumps a compiled config which is currently active for your application. You can reduce the dump, by adding `yml` address of a config part, you really would like to see. For example `config flamingo.session`. Heavily helps debugging if your configuration is compiled from several places, for example when using helm charts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `config` - dumps a compiled config which is currently active for your application. You can reduce the dump by adding `yml` address of a config part, you really would like to see. For example `config flamingo.session`. This greatly helps debugging if your configuration is compiled from several places, for example when using helm charts.
```

Author: done

### Flags

> Flamingo leverages the native Go tool `flag.FlagSet` to manage command-line flags. Most flags are for debug purposes and can be expensive on execution, especially the dingo-related flags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flamingo leverages the native Go tool `flag.FlagSet` to manage command-line flags. Most flags are for debugging purposes and can be expensive on execution, especially the dingo-related flags
```

Author: done

> 1. `--dingo-trace-circular` - helps by giving you more information about circular injections, which of course make complete execution of your app impossible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `--dingo-trace-circular` - helps by giving you more information about circular injections, which of course makes the complete execution of your app impossible.
```

Author: done

> 1. `--dingo-trace-injections` - prints what is getting injected and which field is getting set in real time. May help you understand, what you possibly did wrong, so your application breaks during the injection phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `--dingo-trace-injections` - prints what is getting injected and which field is getting set in real-time. May help you understand, what you possibly did wrong, so your application breaks during the injection phase.
```

Author: done

1. `--flamingo-config` - helps to set config location manually.
1. `--flamingo-context` - sets a default execution context, ignoring ENVs values.

> 1. `--flamingo-config-log` - helps to debug a configuration. During application startup it will print all configuration compilation settings, like which configuration file is loaded in which order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `--flamingo-config-log` - helps to debug a configuration. During application startup, it will print all configuration compilation settings, like which configuration file is loaded in which order.
```

Author: done

> 1. `--flamingo-config-cue-debug` - prints what is set in a compiled cue configuration of the project. To print everything use `.`, or to print exact place use address like `flamingo.session`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `--flamingo-config-cue-debug` - prints what is set in a compiled cue configuration of the project. To print everything use `.`, or to print the exact place use an address like `flamingo.session`.
```

Author: done

> 1. `--dingo-inspect` - prints all the bindings which are present in a dingo injector. Can show you which values assigned to which interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `--dingo-inspect` - prints all the bindings that are present in a dingo injector. Can show you which values are assigned to which interface.
```

Author: done
